Add Module.md files to langlib modules (#17194)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: langlib/lang.error/src/main/ballerina/src/lang.error/Module.md

## Module Overview

> This module provide langLib functions which operate on Ballerina `error` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides langLib functions which operate on `error` values.
```
